Feature - Add documentation for JSON data node (#172)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md

    the method `Config.configure_data_node()^` with parameter `storage_type="in_memory"`.

[:material-arrow-right: The next section introduces the task configuration](task-config.md).

# JSON

> An `JSONDataNode^` is a specific data node used to model JSON

Reviewer: "An `JSONDataNode^` is a specific data node used to model JSON"
->
"A `JSONDataNode^` is a type of data node used to model JSON"

If JSONDataNodes can ONLY deal with JSON files, and not JSON data, when we're good.
Otherwise "file data" -> "data".

file data. To add a new _JSON_ data node configuration, the `Config.configure_json_data_node_node()^` method can be used.
In addition to the generic parameters described in the previous section
[Data node configuration](data-node-config.md), a mandatory and an optional parameters can be provided.

> -   The _**path**_ is a mandatory parameter that represents the JSON file path used by Taipy to read and write the data.

Reviewer: Ok then, only files it seems...

> -   When the _**exposed_type**_ is given as a parameter, if the provided value is a custom class, data node will create a custom object of that class if the JSON is an object, or a list of custom objects if the JSON data is a list. If _exposed_type_ is not provided, the data node will treat the JSON object as a dictionary.

Reviewer: "When the _**exposed_type**_ is given as a parameter, if the provided value is a custom class, data node"
->
"If _**exposed_type**_ is set to a custom class then the data node"

```python linenums="1"
from taipy import Config

class SaleRow:
    date: str
    nb_sales: int

hist_temp_cfg = Config.configure_json_data_node(id="historical_temperature",path="path/hist_temp.json",)

sales_cfg = Config.configure_json_data_node(id="sale_history",
                                             path="path/sale_history.json",
                                             exposed_type=SaleRow)
```

> In lines 3-5, we define a custom class `SaleRow`, representing an the JSON file row.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In lines 3-5, we define a custom class `SaleRow`, representing a JSON file row.
```

> In lines 7-8, we configure an JSON data node. The _id_ argument is "historical_temperature". Its _scope_ is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In line 7, we configure a JSON data node. The _id_ argument is "historical_temperature". Its _scope_ is
```

> In lines 7-8, we configure an Excel data node. The _id_ identifier is "historical_temperature". Its _scope_ is

Reviewer: "Excel data node" -> "JSON data node"
"The _id_ identifier" -> "The _id_ argument"

`SCENARIO` (default value), and the path is the file hist_temp.json.

> In lines 10-13, we create an JSON data node configuration. The _id_ identifier is "sale_history", the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In lines 9-11, we create a JSON data node configuration. The _id_ identifier is "sale_history", the
```

> In lines 10-13, we add another excel data node configuration. The _id_ identifier is "sale_history", the

Reviewer: "we add another excel data node configuration"
->
"we create an Excel data node configuration"

"The _id_ identifier" -> "The _id_ argument"

default `SCENARIO` scope is used. Since we have a custom class pre-defined for this JSON file, we will provide it in
the _exposed_type_.

!!! Note

    To configure an JSON data node, it is equivalent to use the method `Config.configure_json_data_node()^` or

>     the method `Config.configure_data_node()^` with parameter `storage_type="json"`.

Reviewer: "with parameter `storage_type="json"`"
->
"with the _storage_type_ argument set to "json""
